Abstract
--------
'While no CO emission...' - perhaps clarify how the proximity relates to the CO
luminosity upper limits. Mention what type of proximity, spatial I take it?

Concise abstract - well done!

Introduction
------------
paragraph 3, 'The dust on which H2 forms...' - The following would be a good
reference for dust shielding: Sternberg et al. 2014
http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014ApJ...790...10S

paragraph 3-5 - The discussion of how H2 forms in metal-rich environments is
clear, but it is unclear how H2 may form without metals. Perhaps expand upon
and summarize the results from the various models from Glover, Krumholz and
Ostriker that you mention in paragraph 5

Figure 1 - Nice figure! My only criticism is that the labels are unreadable.
This looks like a JC figure? The axes labels need to be around 4x bigger.

Galaxy Sample
-------------
paragraph 1, '...thus some amount of molecular gas is likely to be present' -
The conlcusions of your paper suggest that they may or may not have molecular
gas. Perhaps start this paragraph summarizing what is in the rest of the
paragraph: properties of Leo P.

Figure 2 - State what measure you used for the hi spectra velocity extent.

paragraph 1, 'We adopt as an upper limit...' - 'as an' = typo

Figure 3 - Why does WLM have a upward arrow? What does this mean? If this is
intentional perhaps explain it in the caption.

H2 mass estimates from CO
-------------------------

The derived H2 / HI mass fractions sound like they are actual measurements
throughout this section. I would emphasize that these ratios are all lower
limits.

Table 3, 'H2 mass estimates' - Title of table should be 'H2 Mass Upper Limits'

Conclusions
-----------
Paragraph 1, 'based upon the models of...' - long sentence with 2 ideas,
perhaps break it up.

Perhaps you should mention in the conclusion how H2 mass estimates from CO
predict extremely low H2 mass fraction.

Bring the discussion of observations/models/simulations of star formation,
molecular hydrogen, and CO formation full circle in the conclusion. Relate the
observed upper limits back to the introduction, as you did in the discussion.


